/* 1.   The first test that is being run to create a screenshot, could
        return a screenshot and therefore pass, without taking a screenshot
        of the correct patient. I found this to be the case, as I was working
        on writing my tests. With my original code, I was getting a screenshot
        but it was not of my employee Princess Leia. Instead it was taking a screenshot
        of the No Employee screen. This still passed because there was no expect line to 
        determine what was in the screenshot. I am not sure of a way to text that at this
        point without visually inspecting the screenshot. With some updates to the test, I
        was able to visually inspect the screenshot to confirm that it was correct.

        The second test "Searching narrows the list" could definitely 
        return false positives due to the fact that the test is checking 
        that the length of the original list is greater than or equal to
        the length of the result list. If the search is not narrowed down,
        the test would still pass, as the length of the two arrays would be
        equal.

        The third test "Can add and delete employees from JSON file" appears to be the most
        stable and least likely to return a false positive. This test actually takes two values
        and compares them expecting them to be equal and they are. Unlike the second test it
        is strictly equal to, instead of comparing two numbers.

    2. Based on my comments about the first and second tests, I think that there are bugs
        that could be found manually. A visual inspection would find any bugs with invalid
        screenshots. A manual test could also determine if the array lengths in the second 
        test were equal to each other validly or because the search had not worked.

    3. I'm not sure if it is possible, but I would love to find a way to verify that the
        screenshot is only for the patient with "Screenshot" as the title. If I had more
        time, I would also clean up some of my code by finding methods that might require
        fewer lines. It looks like the solutions file does have fewer steps for each test,
        but I wanted to make sure that my code was written based on my current knowledge and
        understanding. If I had more time, I could have researched to get a better understanding
        of some of the methods that were used in the pageObjects before trying to write my code.
        However, I do like using for and if loops, and I was able to use those to get my tests
        to pass. If I had more time I would have tried to add more to the "Search narrows results"
        test. I tried writing a loop that would go through all the entries in the resultList array
        and check that resultsList[i].name, resultsList[i].phone, resultsList[i].email, or 
        resultsList[i].title contained "Bill" or the resultList.length == 0. I wanted to add this
        extra test to ensure that the resultList entries did, in fact, only include employees
        with "Bill" somewhere on their employee card.




*/